She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
Mary plays the piano.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
A glittering gem is not enough.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
She was too short to see over the fence.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
